https://codepen.io/MattTilghman/pen/wvWJMpK

    1. What is Semantic HTML? the structure of a webpage. it helps screen readers and is significant for the context of a webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for? formatting a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Adds style to an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Most important Heading. Only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. tel, email
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? an identifier for styling. unique to the entire page. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? specifies one or multiples elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you want 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? screen readers or if the image doesn't load 
    15. How do I reference an id? a hashtag followed by the id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a div groupd block elements. section just defines different parts ie header footer paragraphs.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling html components.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2 curly brackets.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? write a period followed by the name of the class 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent element overrides the child element. it's nested. It’s useful when trying to style elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? <div class="sidebar”></div>
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A keyword thats added to the selector that specifies the element ie :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Margin property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Uppercase; lowercase; capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
        div{
          border: dotted black;
            }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. there is no option to confirm and you can remove an entire folder and crash your computer.
    34. Why should I use version control? Because it keeps track of modifications to code allowing developers to essentially turn back and fix mistakes minimizing complications for other team members.
    35. How often should I commit to github? a good rule of thumb is every 20 minutes or after every major modification or change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, checkout/branch, commit, push 
